Before writing a single line of code,
of course we need to have our tools set up
and the tools we need are a code editor,
as well as a browser to test the project
that we're gonna build.
I bought the code editor.
Since you signed up for an advanced (mumbles) course,
I'm absolutely sure that you have already
some code editor set up for yourself.
I am currently using Visual Studio Code
and so that's the code editor that I'm going to use
throughout this course.
Visual Studio Code is a relatively new code editor
and in my opinion, it's amazing.
It's a really great, great code editor.
It has this excellent auto-complete feature
which they call IntelliSense.
Is has built-in Git supports, so if you are using Git,
you can use it right in the code editor.
And it also works extremely well with extensions.
It has a lot of great extensions and they work a lot better,
a lot smoother than in other code editors
that I have tried out.
So as you can maybe hear, I'm really in love
with this code editor and it's the best one
I've ever tried out.
But as I was saying, you probably have a code editor
already set up for yourself.
And if you're really happy with that,
then you should absolutely continue using that.
So no matter if you're using Atom or Brackets
or Sublime or whatever text editor you're using,
it doesn't matter because the results
will always be the same.
So again, if you're happy with the editor
you're using right now,
you already have it really customized for yourself,
then just keep using that one.
But if you're not really happy
or if you want to try something new,
then I would encourage you to try Visual Studio Code.
It's a fantastic experience for developers.
If you want to know more about my setup,
like which theme I use and which extensions
I have installed and use on a daily basis,
then just head over to my blog and there you're gonna find
a post with my setup.
I will also put the link to this post
on my resources page very soon.
Now about the browser, I'm using Google Chrome
to test my webpages, and of course that's what I'm gonna do
in this course as well.
So, I encourage you to use Google Chrome as well,
if you're not already doing it.
Also, because it's the most used browser in the world,
so you really can't go wrong by using it
and also, you want to see how the web page
is going to look like exactly for the majority of the users,
since Google Chrome is the most used browser in the world.
So for the code editor, I'm using Visual Studio Code,
but you can use whatever editor you want,
and for the browser, you should use Google Chrome
so that we're on the same page.
Also we are using the (mumbles) tools
so that we are always looking at the same thing.`
All right, so I think we are all set up now
and we're ready to start with the project right now.
So hit play on that next video and see you in a second.